Updates:
Week 1:
  Started off with just the pi, a couple of motors with wheels and a board to hold them all together.
  Attatched all components to board - had some issues with screw sizes and space portioning.

  Some of the terminal blocks on the R pi got in the way of the plastic spacers.
  To overcome this issue I switched the orientation of the R pi and the PCB and used just screws at the places where spacers 
  would not fit and cutting down longer spacers to fill gaps.
  This has enabled all points of the R pi and PCB to be secured.

Week 2:

Week 3:
  Replaced the main board with a shorter board in the hopes that this would make it easier for the robot to traverse the maze.

  Attached the camera using default parts, one of which I needed to cut a notch into to accommodate a bolt.

  Replaced rear trolley wheel with a half ping pong ball in 3d printed socket (Third Wheel.stl).
  This is because the trolley wheel was just bad and wasn’t going to turn with the robot, the ping pong ball won’t turn but 
  has very little friction in all directions and is lower than the old wheel which balances the robot.

Week 4:
  Printed battery stand for top… there were…  issues (don’t worry I hate myself too).

  Printed new battery frame, (which fits) Frame is in two parts the second part (which has not been printed yet) is a short 
  wall which fits around the battery to stop it from slipping side ways and the battery will be zip-tied or clipped (with 3d 
  printed clip) to the battery frame.

  Printed rim for battery holder which is held in place by a two part battery clip that attaches underneath the battery frame 
  and screws together at the top. The rim functions well, however the clips take a long time to detach and are quite cumbersome 
  so will hopefully be rethought. (In the meantime they function perfectly well).

Week 5:
  Designed and printed new clips, they are easier to use but are not as secure, as such the old clips will continue to be used.
  For quadrant 4 the robot will use 2x medium range analogue sensors, on the left and right sides and a short range digital sensor 
  mounted on front of the camera.
  The side sensors have been bolted to the chasse with existing plastic right angle brackets.
  The front facing sensor will need a new 3d printed holder.
  An issue arose due to the length of the sensor wires. This has been solved temporarily by wrapping the excess around the Rpi 
  spacers, this stops the wires from getting in the way but should probably be tidied further.


Ideas:
  Possible case to put over robot to hide parts and make it aesthetically pleasing designs include;
  Dalek - possible issues with weight distribution, could overbalance when turning tight corners, size navigating maze(too big)
  Apache Helicoptor - possible issues with size navigating maze unless the rotors sit above the maze walls, no guns
  Dragon - possible issues with Rhaz accepting the idea
